everybody welcome Andrew the lion plays
a binding of issac a trick Plus onl
why's your streak at zero I thought you
had a good streak god I want to talk
about it I don't want to talk about the
fact that maybe I had a run that seemed
like it started good except I have one
spirit hard and then a champion enemy
ran into me 45 milliseconds into him
nine angrily hit the stop recording
button on my computer because I'm a
little baby zzzzz seven are get three
hopefully this run has been blessed by
Johnny gap of course he plays Captain
Jack Raven in the Pirates of the
Caribbean franchise stance on this one
anyway like yeah I lost but I'm not
going to sweat it too much I don't want
to derail my own narrative of actually
playing decently in Isaac lately but
steps on this one are modestly ok like
it says like a six and a half out of ten
we got acceptable speed which is really
speed is mostly like is it good or not
it's not like damage you know there's a
gradient who will our damage is okay but
we can use the tear effect immuno modify
in this direction it's more like can I
dodge enemies consistently 1.13 speed
probably puts us at that level space bar
items good HP is terrible but at least
you know for having only spirit arts at
least we have enough to weather the
storm slightly here and damage is okay
although admittedly that's really nice
our rate of fire is pretty bad but the
space bar item is pretty good
contributes to bookworm and leaves us in
a position in which I can hopefully I
mean it already gave us a black card so
I don't know what I'm complaining about
but hopefully pick up some good stuff
for now though it's all about getting
that first deal with the devil I it's
been a little while actually that's not
true I was gonna say it's been a little
while since I had a super powerful run
it's actually been like maybe two runs
since I had whatever run gave us mega
that was like you know certainly less
than a week ago so it's not act like
it's absurd or anything at all give me a
champion rag man
that okay I think it's a rag man who
does not summon spiders so there's like
some mercy on the game's end there
unless I mean presumably that will
become a spy oh but it becomes like a
lame spider this is a good champion rag
man dude we shoot the head to deal
damage but I actually want the spider to
spawn or at least don't really care if
the spider spawns because each of the
spiders takes two hits to kill oh what a
shot
okay well I'll take the speed I'm not
super thrilled but 1.43 speed is
something I don't know HP upgrade from
our item room then give me a fight
against famine so we can pick up a Cuba
meat and I think we're off to the races
here good pail mom's a key actually like
a pretty terrible pill but I'll change
my tune pretty quickly if we're able to
pick up a tinted rock as a result of
this you got to go you got a go dude
okay one key now we're set all right so
just don't throw it away the sheep out
there watching these videos still think
you're good at Isaac wait is my
microphone on they think you're on an
upswing so all we got to do is hold it
together just a little while longer
we'll be good here I really thought this
was a secret room access but shouldn't
be sadly we'll use a bomb to get a bomb
and also be able to shoot like six poops
here if you had just given me six poops
I never would have shot them but because
of the fact that these ones were hidden
I'm like in my head implicitly they're
worth more so one bomb for a pill and
and but and though is the thing one
sense okay not really worth the cost of
doing business they're damaged up HP up
bread and butter God's flesh is good but
dangerous and I'm not talking about
foodborne illness Listeria Salmonella
etc etc is not a bacteria it's a
linguistical term that means and so on
but you know what I mean I'm talking
about running into enemies that are
champions and then hurt us or that do
contact damage and hurt us but do they
do contact damage if they're small I
can't recall we I mean we got enough
bombs we can look for a secret room and
this is great although also sort of
scary start to mil amount you all as
your bed
come on spiders come on spiders come on
spiders
let's go dude for real though thank you
the gods on Zeus you might as well I'm
just too on Sue's flank route to Gaza
hoggle eyes and then a year of room okay
well the next thing you do is use a bomb
here hope for money or directly spirit
arts would also okay sweet alright so
then we go into our shop inside our shop
there's no spirit heart for sale are you
kidding me okay so then you save your
bomb to get you out of a jam here
against your against your boss as much
as I wish that that weren't the case
seems like the best course of action
sadly and we try to keep the spider
honestly out of our business worked out
surprisingly well pin is actually like
my son so don't talk to me he's the
cutest boss and he's also look at that
face look at that little grumpy face ohh
somebody grew up because they're getting
murdered on the second floor as pin man
he's got a nice little Tomo face so it's
also a boss we shouldn't use a bomb
against because he could push it into us
and cause us some real problems
don't take this not yet anyway are you
kidding me first off that could have
murdered us never do that again
absolutely become to our Judas
absolutely do not pick up Guppies tail
but yeah become dark Judas which for
some reason manifests as a speed
downgrade but dude look at the damage is
the thing okay yeah
we're certainly far from out of the
woods but honestly second to maybe nine
lives or Avedon Jew dark judas was
probably like the best we could have
done in that deal with the devil so we
should be extremely stoked you know
we're a 10 damage on the third floor
that's awesome now the cost is that we
are also add to demon hearts and that's
it so you know there are some enemies of
my some enemies I mean literally one
enemy in the game that could kill us in
one hit so hopefully this whole floor is
not made of that guy because he's a real
jerk as far as I'm concerned I would
even call him a jerk ass and I don't
like to swear because sometimes that
means that Pepsi doesn't want to
advertise in my videos anymore but I'm
going to say it he's a jerk ass he
warrants a swear word of that magnitude
how do jump is a good defensive item but
I don't think I have the cerebral
capabilities to use it or at least have
not smart move dedicated myself to the
to the art of using it and as a result
I'm going to choose not to
I feel pretty dumb about taking damage
against an enemy we never should have
taken damage against so I'm going to
endeavor to make up for it by not taking
any more damage on this floor or we'll
be dead so let's stay away from that
just do one little small room here
hopefully with enemies that do not do
one full heart of damage or spit bombs
at us leave crack this crack this ace of
hearts tears up I mean it's good don't
get me wrong and we should be able to
keep these guys at bay pretty easily I
mean we're actually in a great spot the
stats on this run are out of control
right now the damage is so high relative
to what we'd normally be at I'm just
very surprised and offended and honestly
I feel like a little persecuted that I
don't have a spirit hard right now
where's the nanny state when I need it
come on I stopped buying avocado toasts
where
my house and buy a house I mean spirit
heart okay this guy should I mean we're
getting so lucky that we're fighting the
world's easiest bosses over and over and
this is a great option for us we don't
need stats so thank you for the spirit
hearts and we'll just move along we
should be in a great spot now but let's
just try not to hemorrhage HP to enemies
anymore you know we learned a valuable
lesson that I often times take damage on
that room I'm going to choose to forgive
myself for that but we're going to move
along here and be better I love and I
know that this is I'm going to preface
this by saying I know that I am a
millennial when I make fun of Milani
it's actually making fun of the making
fun of Millennials because we're getting
dunked on by print mania which is
hilarious for other reasons but anyway
you know there was big article I guess
we just take this right away a big
article like a week ago I don't know if
it's a big article or just made the
round so it's not you know gussy it up
too much but the Australian billionaire
multi-millionaire at least he said like
if Millennials want to start buying a
home they should stop buying avocados
host and he's like well you see back in
my day when I was looking to buy my
first home I didn't buy avocado toast I
just ate cereal it saved me like $2 a
day and then you know if Millennials
these days want to buy a house stop
complaining and just start you know pull
yourself up by your bootstraps and then
of course it turned out later that he
had received a $34,000 loan from his oh
hello a $34,000 loan from his family to
start his own business not that it's a
lot of money but at the same time
indicates she was given a leg up himself
has nothing to do with avocado toast to
me what Millennials spent $34,000 on
avocado toast in his life except for mr.
Alec Todd Oh would you have a you have a
dossier Kate what's what's up mmm
not in the least really truly madly
deeply you should sort out food for
yourself and I'll be fine
I will eat dinner but I'm not hungry at
the present moment I'm recording a
binding of issac afterbirth video that
is going to take like another 35 minutes
go for it you know what give me a give
me one of whatever you think I would
like look at that see the correlation
between not owning a home and eating
avocado grows one stronger let me get
some proof booth uncompromised here
again but what is the whole reason for
this story is I could watch people get
dunked on all day is anybody else in
this boat that I'd love watching people
get bad on solicited advice and then
later it comes out that you know they're
a victim of their own hubris and
thinking that they're a genius it's the
great it's the sweetest feeling in the
world it's better than a nitrile cold
brew it's better than a than a dirty
West Coast IPA I saw another one that
was like you know Millennials want to
buy a home they should stop stop going
out to the club and then the dude listed
like the expenses of going out to the
club I'm fairly anti Club I'm not anti
their existence but I don't like going
to him
this dude listed like the average cost
of going to a club was like $300 a night
means like if you just don't go to a
club twice a week for a year that's a 5%
down payment on a $500,000 home are you
actually an idiot who's going down
spending 300 bucks twice a week or even
like once a lifetime at the club that's
madness it's like $20 parking $20 cover
$150 on drinks $15 the pregame you're
out of your mind old man that's absurd
you get the $2 bottle of wine at the
7-eleven you slam two of those before
you go to the club you buy one drink so
it doesn't look suspicious and then
parking please old man Millennials don't
drink and drive that's probably a
harmful attitude but I'm just saying you
know he's inviting that kind of
comparison as a result of his own
ignorance jumper cables
bloody recharge kill enemies get charges
that seems useful for me right here
maybe and I say this with love because
to some extent members of my own family
fall into this camp maybe it'd be easier
to buy a home if 40 to 70 year olds
around the planet stopped buying homes
as investments and then flipping them
five years later because they got
nothing better to do the watch HGTV look
I know the property brothers their
enhanced some charming boys I don't know
the property for others but I'm familiar
with them and I know they're Canadian so
I support them explicitly regardless of
you know what they're doing and I do
mean explicitly however it's like stop
telling our generation what to do you
can't have it both ways you know we have
the same o Millennials stop buying
brunch if you want to ever own a house
by the way could you come over here and
please help me fix my computer the
Croatian hacker says that you're going
to delete my old photos if I don't send
them $300 in brick coin whatever that is
you know we got to learn to work
together here I admit is art for all the
things that you know I think our
generation is great and are we a little
image exposed I think so and I thing is
you know we're not a uniformed people
you know there are there's Instagram
celebrities who and this is the pot
calling the kettle black are a little
vapid and image obsessed and I think you
know people coming up in this day and
age might think it's the norm to take
like you know $20,000 trips three times
a year go down to Ibiza and clubs and
spend you know $1500 just because you
can there's also a lot of people you
know
grinding it out with like master's
degrees working at Mexican restaurants
you know scraping together every cent
that they can possibly muster I'm taking
Guppies paw here by the way to be able
to eventually maybe own a home that's
worth or that's at least charging like
four times would it charge fifteen years
ago just because you know it's been
bought and sold ten times people put in
new carpets and then list it for a
hundred and fifty thousand dollars over
what it was when they bought it we're
getting it's it's absurd man the
vilification has got to stop and we're
guilty of it too this is such like a
soapbox the episode I just wanted to
talk about toast and now I'm here I'm
bringing the generations together in the
binding of issac and the cats are going
please stop yelling but you know we're
guilty of it too we look down on the
older generation to some extent
technologically illiterate
you know environmentally destructive
that's all in the past man we've got to
work together mostly to borrow money
from the generation behind us so that we
can put a down payment on a home anyway
so I'm going to be reckless here I'm
going to avocados oast it up like crazy
here we're going to see if you can't get
likes in robes or yeah I mean I'll take
experimental treatment that's a damage
and tears upgrade which is really
valuable we're not quite in a beautiful
spot yet but we're doing pretty well
and that goes for our generation is no I
don't know what I'm talking about
effectively I don't know I feel like
Internet's become like a angrier place
catalyzed by you know political
differences especially but I think back
and this is nostalgia speaking I think
back to like the Internet of 2012 and
I'm like oh everything was so nice back
then I got to play a video game Wow cool
I also like video games me too you know
and now it's like I had to play a video
game don't play that video game the
artist made a tweet one time that said
that McDonald's is better than Burger
King and you're like oh man
I don't know I just thought I would it's
got pretty good scores yeah the media is
bought and paid for though I don't like
is social media like the worst thing
that's happened to the world in our
history
I don't know cuz on the one hand yeah
definitely but like on the other hand I
got to post a screenshot of me winning
so low match your players on known
battleground
so I'd say like that's pretty much a
wash like I'm not trying to say that I
fully negated all the annoying parts of
social media via my actions but I mean
unless you're disagreeing with me I'm
just going to kind of float that one
over on plate and you can smack it on
yourself Tom well I got to be honest
with you you're really abusing the
in-and-out privileges of this parking
lot
you got a-you know choose your spot you
sleep 16 hours a day do you really need
to move every two hours between rooms
just to try to make it happen if you
okay you're pawing the door that's
pathetic and cute there you go have some
have some access to the outside world
Ruka you're going to stay with me you're
going to stay and watch me not squander
this run thanks buddy
let's go okay did we go to our item room
on this floor I actually can't recall
mom's pearls is like theis and I would
like another spear at art
I got like so off-track I'm just going
to go down to the next floor this floor
was fine but I got so off track here I
got off on a cross-generational wormhole
and I don't even understand the freaking
half of man I don't know though cuz I
don't really know what generation I'm a
part of I know I'm a millennial I drink
cold brew coffee so that's pretty much
indisputable and I like weird beers
instead of you know whatever half of the
days when a beer was just a beer now
it's not have an imperial Radler hold
the grapefruit peel please am i right
but at the same time I also buy a fabric
softener and I have shopped in a
department store before which I think
makes me almost like a millennial
unicorn or some things I hear that our
generation is kill in those industries
which is I don't know I'm trying to
think about how I feel about that I
don't understand the purpose of fabric
softener I buy it I'll tell you the
reason the purpose of me buying it my
wife tells me to buy a fabric softener
so I go to the store and when I don't go
to the store to buy fabric softener come
on I mean I'm my own man here but if I'm
at the store and we're out of fabric
softener I'll pick some up I'm not going
to make a special trip because I mean
I'm an autonomous man who I wear the
pants in this really fun at the store I
will pick up fabric softener if we need
it and only if we need it because I'm a
man who makes my own decisions but you
might be saying do you guys stand up for
yourself you don't understand why you're
using fabric softener you got to stand
up for yourself maybe you're right but
honestly what a fabric softener is like
the reason I love laundered clothes and
I just don't know it like maybe we're
getting down a slippery slope at first
I'm like oh I don't need fabric softener
anymore then I'm gonna start the
question everything maybe we don't need
dryer sheets maybe we don't even need
detergent just throw in all your clothes
and a bar of frickin zest or something
like that we might be able to make boss
rush we might as well give it a shot
grab it go go go go go let's do it let's
do it we got 19 damage let's go I can't
believe we made it actually and I don't
really want to do it not for that anyway
did we go to our item room there am I
just I don't know I feel like I'm
completely off the rails here we didn't
go to our item room there we probably
skip to item rooms on this floor
commenters I throw myself on the mercy
of the court okay I saw my shot and I
took it I took a three-pointer when we
were down by one it was a bad decision
and you know what coach is going to yell
at me on the bench it's up to us to keep
you know our play strong and snag the W
here so you know that we're not we don't
want to let the sports metaphors who's
the thing
turn us down here secret room thank you
I've focused too much on the commentary
here not enough on the gameplay
well all I'm trying to say is first that
came for the fabric softener and I
didn't say anything cuz I don't buy
downy and then they came from the dryer
sheets that I didn't say anything
because I'm not working at bounce these
are probably all subsidiaries of Procter
& Gamble aren't they and then when they
came for the detergent who was less
nobody pretty soon we're all gonna be
washing our clothes on the freakin you
know the things they use if you got a
band with spoons and like a jug in it I
think it's just called a washboard
probably one of the most underrated
instruments you go down to the grad club
Thursday nights the washboard and
theremin open mic it's a classic dude
I'll be there on the spoons Kate's on
the jug it sounded like almost lewd but
wasn't so I'll accept that this run is
like the antithesis of some of the runs
we've had over the course of today a
little bit earlier like today was the
day I recorded that one it probably went
up yesterday where we had like no speed
but got crazy strong and then like the
final three floors were beat in like two
minutes this one is like a little less
certain that we're going to be okay doo
doo doo doo Just Dance but it's a very
strong in its own right it's a couple of
more spirit arts I feel like we've been
like spirit hearts starved over the
course of this entire run quite a lot
you know I'm thinking there's got to be
a 10 - Drock hidden somewhere probably
under the fabric softener and guppies
head is doing an incredible work for us
but it's just not doing it enough
because we're only given three flies per
room we needed this wire coat hanger and
then
we have Dudley's head I think we take it
traving one HP for a 50% chance to come
back from the dead and the guppy chance
seems like a smart call to me I think I
might just use the emperor card but it
depends it's a lot better to use the
emperor card to escape the clutches of
the Cathedral because it's a little bit
more difficult for one a lot of battery
charges if in theory I forgot me a
jumper cable that's why we're getting
the the extra Guppies head charges on
occasion good item not sure if Guppies
head is really the best way to take
advantage of it because we get charges
for it so frequently anyway but
certainly I'm not Turner to my nose at
getting three extra flies on occasion
got a check you know even though we've
only got two bombs I would love to see
if this is like that you're upon it is
the hero font let's all go for a walk
outside man sama Center continues to be
easy money oh dude my CI think I'm a
pretty disciplined person for the most
part you know especially discipline with
my diet what did I have for lunch I had
a double cheeseburger in an order of
animal style fries at a place in
Vancouver that is called Cali burger but
it's basically just in and out but they
definitely like do not have permission
to use the trademark so instead it's
called Cali burger
it was delicious my left arm started to
hurt a little bit during the meal I just
lean back a little bit 20 or 30 seconds
later good to go so as you can tell I'm
quite a disc that was a joke maybe a
tasteless joke for the joke nonetheless
that's one of those things you say and
then you're like man I hope I don't die
of a heart attack the day this video
goes up because those are going to be
that's going to be irony I don't want my
death to be ironic
I just wanted could be you know a
national holiday let's go so as you can
tell I lead a disciplined life but I
never wanted to use the emperor card
more than when I find a dead end even
though we've already explored like 70%
of the floor we should be good here I
don't think we took damage at all on
that floor so that's great news what we
will do is impaired or and clearly the
odds of us becoming guffy are
effectively zero now by the way did you
notice big chubby block shops probably
like the tenth time I've had that
revelation over the course of these
videos but that makes it like a weird
sort of interesting analog to the
shielded tears which are actually pretty
viable for us against a boss that's more
of a bullet Helly sort of experience
here I'm kind of into it now the chest
is I think setting itself up to be a
genuine challenge for us right now don't
even tell me with his void nonsense I
don't want to do it not not yet anyway
maybe if we get stacked on this floor we
don't have great luck so I wouldn't
necessarily expect the 8-inch nails it's
like a five damage up it's pretty good
stem cells is nice ball of tar is what
it is and robo-baby 2.0 is damage that I
will probably like rarely notice but
certainly I'm not going to say no to it
especially since we already picked it up
like you know almost a full minute ago
at this point probably
this run is turned out quite nicely
actually an instant it means there are a
couple of times we could have thrown it
but let's be honest on the difficulty
scale this is like a three it's not an
automatic win it's not like three HP and
Omega to start but dude look at me right
now
we look like demonic Renly Baratheon
from season two a game of Thrones we got
the stag crown that's about it but you
got to admit maybe I've been a little
too into that show play see I'm seeing
Renly Baratheon everywhere man he's my
favorite character I hope done that that
happens to him that's not a spoiler it's
Game of Thrones something bad happens to
everybody there's nobody on that show
for whom you know the last six years of
episodes has done you know positives
with no possible losses to them we
should have killed that enemy last but
you know he was behind or he was in
front of the other enemy so made it kind
of tricky
dude infamy thank you for saving me for
myself you couldn't have done it twice
in a row I you know I accept that but
thank you for at least reminding me that
you're a sweet item I appreciate you and
I wish more people did doing the Lord's
work out here in for me keeping my runs
alive when they may or may not deserve
to now you might say as been a while
since I watched season 2 have Game of
Thrones don't remember Renly Baratheon
having a fetus attached to the side of
his head dude this your first time ever
watching HBO season you got to watch the
deleted scenes there's a scene in which
Natalie Dormer uses a scalpel to excise
the fetus from the side of his head is
pretty pivotal it was a big moment in
the books but they couldn't put it into
the show because of that FCC you know
it's all politics in this day and
let's go now that was probably like the
most time invested to get the least
valuable item at this point of the game
but not too worried about it
I'm just happy again we're getting some
momentum even if the canonical street is
not continuing because of a you know
hypothetical stupid loss that came
recently we're putting good episodes on
video and I'm thankful for it this was a
quick one too you know at 28 minutes to
be blue baby like that is that's a
no-joke pseudo like speedrun might be a
little bit of a stretch but you get the
idea
nothing to sneeze at and then the one
time I wanted void they don't give me
void
maybe if I say I wanted void I'll get
the credit for it without actually going
there but for now thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed the episode if you did
click a like button outside a great deal
of course subscribe if you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time